Add HCP engine token logic (#23897)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/commands/hcp/connect.mdx

---
layout: docs
page_title: hcp connect - Command
description: |-
  Use "hcp connect" command to authenticate users and machines to HCP with explicit
  credentials or an HCP token and interactive browser login.
---

> # hcp
> 
> The "hcp connect" authenticates users and machines to HCP with explicit
> credentials or an HCP token and interactive browser login.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# hcp connect

The `hcp connect` command authenticates users and machines to HCP with explicit
credentials or an HCP token and interactive browser login.
```

access to the requested organization, project, and HCP Vault cluster.

If authentication succeeds, the Vault CLI saves the returned HCP token and HCP
Vault address in the local cache.

## Examples

Connect to HCP interactively:

```shell-session
$ vault hcp connect
The default web browser has been opened at <auth_url>. Please continue the login in the web browser.
Success!
```

## Usage

The following flags are available in addition to the [standard set of
flags](/vault/docs/commands) included on all commands.

### Command options

- `-client-id` `(string: "")` - Client ID belonging to a service principal
credential generated in the HCP Portal. **Required for non-interactive
authentication**.

- `-secret-id` `(string: "")` - Secret ID belonging to a service principal
credential previously generated in the HCP Portal. **Required for
non-interactive authentication**.

- `-organization-id` `(string: "")` - Optional ID of the desired HCP
organization. If `organization-id` is empty and the user is associated with
multiple HCP organizations, the CLI prompts the user to select from a list
of available organizations.

> - `-project-id` `(string: "")` - Project ID of the HCP Project. This is optional and in case it's not provided,
> and the user is associated with more than one HCP Project, they will be offered a list of projects to choose from in the CLI.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `-project-id` `(string: "")` - Optional ID of the desired HCP project. If
  `project-id` is empty and the user is associated with more than one HCP
   project, the CLI prompts the user to select from a list of available projects.
```

Style correction: avoid "this" as a pronoun, reserve capitalization for product names
